M15 release News documentation and screenshots updates (#185)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/GettingStarted.rst

1- Unpinning a news from edit form : 

To unpin an article from the edit form, display the article's details then click on the ``Edit`` icon.

> Once the edit form is displayed, just chech the unpin article icon and validate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the edit form is displayed, just click on the unpin article icon and validate.
```
